"Vicious Cycles" Vision & Website
“Vicious Cycles”
Feel free to modify or add additional content as needed - this should be reflected in your design brief.

Website Brief Overview
Vicious Cycles is a local store for Bikers. These can be casual bikes, mountain bikes, high-performance tricked-out BMX bikes, etc. Alternately, these can be Harley Davidson, an American Eagle, mopeds, scooters, Kawasaki’s or even concept vehicles. The choice of item is up to you. What brands do you want to sell? Or be a dealer for? Vicious also sells accessories.

Target Audience
We cater to clients who want our bikes. Most are passionate about biking and see it as part of a lifestyle. This might mean they are competitive, like to style their vehicles, incorporate biking into their daily lives for transportation or may just be a weekend warrior. Many members visit the site to place orders and to see the new stock. Our customers know bikes so they don't need large detailed descriptions about each product but they might be interested in the specs. They just need to see the name, price and image of the product. We are a business-to-customer organization (B2C). Requirements We want a site where customers can explore new bikes and add-ons that inspire and excite them. We want the world to see how fantastic these machines are. The bikes are the main attraction of this Website and everything should be designed around that. The Website should convey: style, quality, power/speed, and freedom.

Our Products
We don’t just customize bikes. We also sell stuff we know you’ll dig. Riding is a lifestyle, and we want to help you live your life. You pick the brand(s) that Vicious carries.

Product Design and Quality
When it comes to industry leading innovations in cycles and accessories, Vicious Cycle products are what you have been waiting for. We sell top quality cycling equipment and have been doing it for years. Our products have become the supply line of choice and lesser companies have been copying us for some time. Don't be fooled by imitators, Vicious Cycles is the real deal. Don't settle for second best when it comes to your cycling needs, but don't feel you have to raid your savings. Vicious Cycle Products is a name you can put your trust into, at a price you can afford. Of course, Custom Work is another thing entirely. At Vicious Cycles, we are not interested in a "Race to the Bottom" when it comes to creating custom builds. If you're interested in discussing a fully-custom or customized build, come down to our store and visit with us to find out what we can really do.

About Us
Vicious Cycles Inc is a (your town)-based cycle workshop founded by a few like-minded individuals in late 2010. Our mechanics build the bikes and man the workshop. Our customer service staff attends to the day to day operations. We hope to create and foster a strong passion for the local biking scene because each and every one of us is a biking enthusiast.

We believe that every machine should be an extension of its owner. We believe in the significance of individualism. We believe in the stories between your cycle and you. We believe in having fun. No matter the circumstances, we bike hard and we bike often.

You get on your bike, you ride, you fall, you might get pulled over, you overcome it all and you ride again. It’s a Vicious Cycle! So make it worth the while, don't just be part of the numbers. Ride your cycle, chase your dreams, live your life.

Customer Service and Satisfaction
At Vicious Cycles, we are committed to providing superior customer service and satisfaction. Our staff will assist you every step of the way, from product selection and ordering to truly custom builds. We’ve been doing this whole custom thing for quite a while, and we've seen some ups and downs, we're loving every moment of it. A proper custom build takes time, and we’ll work closely with you to get it right. From stylish cycles to trusty monster rides, we’ve done them all. Talk with a member of our mechanics team to discuss your plan, and we'll see your dream realized.

How Can I Buy From Vicious Cycles?
Vicious Cycle products can be purchased/ordered at our store. Come down today and we'll get started with a purchase of an existing bike with cash, credit, or an in-house loan approval.

All custom builds will require a 25% down payment before projects will begin, and either payment in full, or an approved in-house loan or a transfer of funds to a third-party vendor. All purchases on custom cycles are final.

Trade Shows
We exhibit at several trade shows every year.  We are at home in the indoor showroom, but we believe the real showroom can only be found out on and off the road. Cycling is a lifestyle- Live Your Life

Contact Us
Vicious Cycles

123 Main St.

Anywhere, NC 99999*

Phone: (919) 123-4567 Fax: (917) 123-8901

We are also on Twitter and Facebook.